That's fine.
Our Zhaojiacun really has an Olympic champion
Not bad, Zhao Ruolan is really glorious
Yes!
In the future, our Zhaojiacun will be proud of Zhao Ruolan
That's right, us guys
There are also noodles in Shili Baxiang, Shili Village
Is it right, right, right, right?
Do you hear me?
Ruolan is not only innocent
And actually an Olympic champion
He is our pride
village chief
Ruolan, he didn't embarrass us.
On the contrary, it has won glory for our Zhaojiacun
Do we not have to leave Zhaojiacun?
No need, Ruolan is the pride of our village
It also brought glory to the ancestors
Don't leave.
Haha, thank you village chief
Sun Meifeng, did you hear me?
Ma Shoufu has now proven for me
I am the record-breaking Olympic champion.
That also means
The decade I just raised is effective
So now is the time for you to abide by the agreement?
Zhao Ruolan, don't be too heartless.
Too kill
I just humiliated myself
It's heartless when you make me kneel
Don't you dare to kill Jue?
I advise you to abide by the agreement now
Otherwise I will not only look down on you
And I will tell everyone
Your family doesn't believe what they say
promise
What agreement?
Zhao Ruolan, just say
I'm here today.
I will do justice for you